{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
William Steimel\'92s Data Science Portfolio \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 This website was created for a Javascript Final Exam in my Green Science and Engineering Class III at Sophia University. The goal of this project is to make a working portfolio to host my Data Science, Sustainability, and Musical projects. I decided to make a portfolio as I thought it would be a useful for personal branding before I start job hunting this year. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Project Notes 
\b0\fs32 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
index.html
\b0  - Home Page - A page containing my data science projects, experience, and education. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
about.html 
\b0 - A page containing my biography and photo. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
hireme.html 
\b0 - A page containing my contact info and a contact form. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
music.html
\b0  - A page containing my interests in music, Live Photos, videos, and compositions. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
research.html 
\b0 - A page containing my current research interests and future publications \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 External Frameworks -
\b0  Two external CSS frameworks were used to assist with crisp formatting. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Normalize.CSS - A system for rendering elements more consistently. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Grid.CSS - A Grid system that makes alignment easy. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Fonts-
\b0  Fonts from google were used \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
More specifically the Lato family font-face \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Logos-
\b0  Ion Icons was used for embedding of cool icons. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://ionicons.com/\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
By placing their script on the bottom of the page icon imports are seamless. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Images 
\i - 
\i0\b0 All background images were retrieved from free stock photos websites. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Future Revisions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 Due to time constraints I was unfortunately unable to implement all of the functionality I wanted. Some future revisions include deployment onto GitHub web server - steimel64.github.io (stay tuned!) and the adoption of responsive web design. One thing I noticed is that resizing of the window tends to affect the user experience and formatting. I did some google searches and found some information on responsive web design which I plan to incorporate in the future. I also need to figure out how to get the post in contact form working so that the form can be sent. \
I also hope to continue my studies of more advanced Javascript so I can develop skills in creating front end web applications as well as machine learning model deployment. I would also like to incorporate my current knowledge of python with Javascript in the future. \
I spent a lot of time on this website through online study and formatting. I appreciate the introductory Javascript course as I have always been meaning to learn javascript and the course pushed me to learn the concepts needed to make a web page that will be useful for me. }